
What you learnt inside the class?

Week1

Pokemon Go(Developed by Niantic) App Class Discussion:

	Key Points:
		1)No app is perfect.Every app has some defects,trade-offs.	
 		So, to improve its services it has to evlove. 

		2)How can we improve an app, which features are the most attractive in an app.

		3)Can some features of an app (Pokemon Go) like 3-D augmented reality technology be 
		 used in some other way like 3-D version of Google Maps,Augmented interior house designing ?

Week 2

Quality of Software:
		
	Keypoints:
		 1)What do you mean by 'Quality'? How do you compare quality ?
	       	 Ans)Quality is related to being superior or inferior when a product is compared to others.
		 It is done on basis of utility,reliabilty,performance etc and also which meets the user
		 requirements.

		 2) Why "Apple" is able to make quality products ?
		 Ans) The process to make a quality product should be stringent and fair.
		 The rigorous testing and checking while production are the main factors which make a quality product.
	
		 3)Importance of Quality Software:
		 Innovation and invention are the key factors which are driving the world's needs
		 and also its future. In future, every basic thing which uses software should be of
		 good quality,i.e  free of bugs. For example: A pilot flying a airplane fails to 
		 execute the land-gear function during landing due to a failure or bug in the code
		 then it may endanger the life of the passengers in the plane.
		
		 4)What are some characteristics of a quality Product?
			i)Correctness.
			ii)Efficiency.
			iii)Functionality.
			iv)Reliablity.
			v)User-friendly.
			vi)Compatiblity.
			vii)Adaptability.
			viii)Cost.
			ix)Design.
			

Week 3:
 
Introduction to Software engineering:
		
	Keypoints:
		 1)What is Software?How is it different from engineering?
		 Ans) Software is a basic piece of code which are programmed to perform some useful
		 tasks and applications. Engineering is designing products using theortical concepts 
		 and principles to achieve real-time working capabilties. 

		 2)What is Software Engineering?
		 Ans) Software engineering is the branch which designs a product(software) using some
		 theortical concepts or principles which can run on a device to perform useful tasks and 
		 applications.
			Important Question: What is Software?
				Is it a Science? Is it an Art? Is it Manufacturing?
			

			Software engineering requirements:
				i)Identifying User Requirements.
				ii)Optimize System design.
				iii)System analysis to recognise problems and optimization.
				iv)Code Design.
				v)Testing for verification of bug-free apps.
				vi)Beta Testing and prototypes for experiments and user feedback.
				vii)Deployment of product.
				viii)Maintainence.
week #4
Topic:-
	In this week I learnt ,what is software engineering anyway like discipline, programming,computer science etc.
second thing is software development life cycle process model.
and one more thing is water fall model like-feasiblity->requirement analysis and specification-> design-> coding ->testing -> mantinenece etc.
I learnt ,what is stakeholder?
suppose I want to make for company stakeholder.
one company has one or more stakeholders,employees,communities,shareholder,creditor,investor,goverment,customers,owners,financier,manager etc.and I learnt , how to define proper mathmetical notation.

week #5
	In the class, I learnt differnt types of model.
example:-
water falling model
prototyping model
evolutionary model
incremental model etc.
and also learnt advantage and disadvantage of evolutionary model.
one more model that is called agile model.
and I focused in the class, discussion about agile model

one important thing that is called pair programming.
In this programming, Two kinds of people,
one person think and other person implement that logic.

one more concept is deming philosophy
process and product co-relation.

and four thing work togather like
plan-> do -> check -> act -> plan.

I also learnt about project management,
Estimation,methodology.

and I learnt about some important approach,
Top-down approach
bottom-up approach
expert judgement
estimation by analogy
algorithmic measure

and I learnt about some few concept of code like.
LOC- lines of codes
wideband delphi
function point
and code reuse estimation.

				
		 